Brother, otherwise forget it.
I don't think that's fair to my second brother.
I said the position of president of Egret International, he doesn t deserve it.
Then I'm afraid you're overjoyed too soon.
That's not good, King of Heaven.
The board just got a message.
Partners everywhere heard that the Yuan army was no longer the ruler of the Lu International.
What cooperation are you asking for?
Your Majesty is only a collaborator who dares to benefit.
It's a big road.
Turns out this is your real trick.
The White Road circle is just that.
What a surprise.
Announce it.
These partners don't understand religion.
Dare to threaten the company
No cooperation
Then cancel the partnership.
But these people have been working with the company for years.
Can't my words be heard arbitrarily?
Yes.
Three people took orders.
I advise you to be careful.
Get tokens you didn't get.
Can you answer that? It's not your turn to say hands and feet.
Yes.
President of Hung Luyen Company Tran total arrived